minor doc amendments (#96)
digital-asset/daml-finance: docs/source/overview/architecture.rst

-  ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Lifecycle`` defines interfaces used for
   instrument lifecycling.

> In addition to the above, the ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Types`` and ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Util``
> packages define types, interfaces, and utilities used by other interface packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the above, the ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Types`` package provides types and ``Daml.Finance.Interface.Util`` package defines utilities and interfaces used by other interface packages.
```
